My name is Yuan Qingling
He's a modern M.D.
The new drug I developed yesterday
Finally, a major scientific breakthrough
If you want to die, you will wait for the prince to divorce you.
Return to Jinghou Mansion to die
Don't even think about dirty the land of our palace.
Tell me.
The princess wants to drink water
I'll give you water.
We used to let you beat and scold
For your demolition
That's because you're a princess
Now even the prince treats you like a dog
Who else do you want to call?
Can die by itself
You can find your own water
Bah ah ah ah ah
What prince and princess
How do I
Why are you covered in a man from the history of poisonous women?
Then don't blame this king for treating you as a decoration
How can I have these memories in my head?
What's wrong with me?
Dog blood has passed through